Your aura should function like a cell membrane, allowing only beneficial energies to c while releasing anything toxic. Practice maintaining a heightened sense of awareness in every interaction with your environment.
@PlayHearthstone I am surprised that the Hunter nerf has lasted so long, it is the most anti-game I remember in this game, frustrating, boring and toxic interaction.
Since 🥜's series is coming to end.. I hope he can be free from that toxic shipper from the series 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻  Notes: I'm glad he took part of the series, I like his acting, I like the cast interaction too.
I don’t think Svbin and Hy3ri need to stop interacting just because of how some fans behave. It’s unfair to make idols adjust their friendships because of obsessive or toxic fans. The problem isn’t their interaction. It’s the people who can’t handle it maturely.
@unwindology @HealthRanger Wow, a whole new mental construct and way of thinking. It’s hard for me to lose the idea of a poison being toxic no matter what. It seems that you’re pointing to the interaction and transmittance as more important.
@RepLaMonica The lady over step her bounds and toxic interaction
I won’t retweet any pictures that compare Fourth with anyone who has toxic or immature fans. Instead of appreciating the interaction, they keep saying stupid things. That viral account always posts about Fourth and says things that lead his fans to disrespectful and weird stuff
@NAFOfellaLotte @balkan_fella Im on different platforms, bsky as well. Toxic can be fought off. I believe that the best interaction is still at ❌.  Slava Ukraini 🇺🇦 https://t.co/q2RXiqtyWu
@IvankaNews_ I think all the demonizing about toxic masculinity is taking a toll on young men. They just avoid the interaction with women that have been trained to resist the “evil patriarchy”.
@owlowllll OMG THIS IS TOXIC YURI... I was actually gonna add Moore into the mod have interaction with Zero too but yeah it's out of seat now 😞 anyways I almost forgot what event saying but wow Moore...??? control and train her????
@indepdubnrth The spike protein is not only toxic through binding of ACE-2 receptors it also has cytotoxic effects inside cells through interaction with cancer suppressor genes BRCA + P53 and mitochondrial damage, coagulopathies through direct contact with cellular proteins, and is neurotoxic
@em93317235 @IndianaGPA Here we’ll use this guy here as the perfect example of what we posted. Because he’s fragile and weak minded, raised under this toxic feminine “empathy” culture, he would fall apart in any sort of face to face interaction.    @em93317235 let’s do a public livestream, 1x1, audio
malaking factor talaga ang fans sa image ng idols for casual viewers!  may dustin fan akong naka-chikahan nung concert tas ok naman sya as a fan, hindi toxic, ganon? kaya after ng interaction ko sa kanya, na-lessen yung dislike ko kay dustin.   ok siguro sya as tropa (since some https://t.co/Jr8eXIFvS8
@iheartlilvoldy @LostFrisco @Red_Jawn I know you probably have a massive ego and are not really reading into what I am saying but your mindset is genuinely really toxic and is holding society back. I hope at some point you genuinely reflect on this interaction and strive to become a better more educated person
@uncommonkvng There was the day of healthy Twitter fx educational space, day in day out. Then, the day of toxicity, then the days of equilibrium, I think the days of toxic interaction is rising back.
qrts and replies are the reason why wuwatwt is so fucking boring, toxic and unfriendly. yall are so close minded to ANYTHING, how do you expect the devs to add better interaction between characters when you all throw a hissy fit at something like this?
The toxic fools really think us TKers hold that much power and control over Tae and JK, and that we are responsible for their interaction with each other, LMAOOOO!!!  Honestly, it's flattering on some level.
@toxic_shr00m @nathaniel_foga @DanManShow this feels like an interaction pin and charlie would have in the show
@FlyBySkyByGirl1 Atleast 4/5 my friends have chose a toxic funda and so i am highly skeptical of their choices. How do you decide like this is my guy? How much of interaction? How much of disgagreements? How much of how he treats me when he is angry?
@TheNicky708 I haven't had a weird or toxic interaction for a good good while in solo q ranked tbh If anything I've got loads of wholesome ones recently.
Seo-yeon is a 16-18-year-old with DID who was targeted by @ f4ntapop  in a toxic online interaction within the BSD fandom. She endured racist bullying, identity theft, and coercion, which led to a suicide attempt. Despite this, she survived and continues to engage on Twitter,1/2
@Ugochukwu_96 I literally stood up this afternoon and walk around for 2hrs for nothing. I feel like I'm loosing it. Loneliness can be toxic, no matter how much things available for use. Human interaction is ultimate
@MedGold_ No. Modern West calls out and punishes toxic and perceived amoral heterosexual male behavior more than it does toxic and amoral female behavior. Initiating and maintaining any interaction with women carries a great risk nowadays and men have to talk to women walking on eggshells
@omaolchatha @doctorBigR @RetardedAPR @boxofficeforyou @worldofwhiteboy tone policing is toxic, and it is all you ever do.  you have no argument, you never had any. your first step is always tone policing.  Not just on X, but in every interaction we had on TG.  Thats why I said: GFYS.  Blocked. https://t.co/YAVsvODvla
@kar_ie So Flor is manipulative, toxic and quite obviously deranged from reality cuz of the lack of human interaction. Honestly legally, there could be a case, but since she was a minor which could make things complicated, intense psychiatric help should be more appropriate imo.
@miyawakissme I have blocked toxic Fearnuts mostly cuz I really feel they are just trolls who just love negative interaction. They are dividing the fanbase which is bad &amp; are just rude provocateurs. Probably not even real fans of the Fimmies.  Beware.
said this before but fandom honestly seems like such a toxic &amp; paranoid enviroment to be in &amp; yet kids make it their primary form of social interaction. even in the absence of media they turn sexuality + identity into a fandom and spawn its toxicity in those spaces as well
@cooltechtipz The actual reason mercury is banned is because it's highly toxic and emits dangerous fumes. Its interaction with aluminum wasn't the reason it was blanket banned by the FAA. Hope this helps
Might be a hot take but people saying NortMelly are going to pmo because you do understand they were drugged, correct? Not to mention if you want to follow this logic, any toxic interaction between wlw and mlm ships should also go into this category.
Sa tagal ko ng nanonood ng PBB, kayo lang may pa-ganyan HAHAHA! Toxic talaga lalaki niyo, sa kanya naman nanggagaling lahat ng lumalabas sa bibig niya. Love triangle? Gigil na gigil kayo porket may interaction ulit ang WillBi? Parehas lang kayo sa lodi niyo na threatened HAHAHA
@Fergus_TK @Ryujin_17_ ssr duck counters all of these amazing options fergus.   you said it urself, its a toxic design. heavily skewed high risk/high reward isnt a fun design, I don't want to leave every interaction up to chance, unfortunately all of dvj's power lies in said high risk moves.
@lyssasphere In a relationship that appears unequal, perhaps even toxic, the individual causing the 'pain' thrives on interaction. The longer you interact, the more twisted the situation seems to present. Break free Lyss. Stop the interaction. Deprive the toxicisy and unequalness of its fuel.
@deardatingb Yes, the Higgins text chain showed the nature of the relationship. The new years situation is more of the same toxic interaction. It’s just to make her more unlikable but in no way contributes to motive
@dailymumeow @CapitaineHishi1 What a toxic person , I can see the interaction between Zee and this fan , so I don't understand what this girl who says she's a captain is all about 🤦
@VolodyaTretyak The honeymoon is over. I knew this wasn't going to last. Just like any other dysfunctional toxic interaction
Interacting with Fahkumram fans got me crashing out in the worst way possible. Forget all the shit I said about Bryan. Fahkumram gotta have the most toxic community in the whole game. The only positive interaction I’ve had with one is Mike Hollow😭 https://t.co/Na7w2zI2XO
@atrocityTCG I don't think you understand what he means by selfish. It's about liking something that you perceive as toxic. Like enjoying mermail knowing it's toxic.  Aggro haters often play non aggro.  2 player interaction haters don't want those in the game period.  idk what a budew is.
@SofiaInassia @RadiantAntiHero @jon_jonny2285 @Nanayuna__ @yokikotokiku3 @StygianSis @KenMastersUSA @Bia_Kawaii @J3tAl0n3 @Earisu90716232 @ResetButton8 @rafayelstoes And you wonder why I'm rude when you're espousing the same toxic mental gymnastics the others have to try to discredit them, whilst showing actual piss poor understanding of actual human interaction. Nah, it's all gotta be fairy tale relationships or "it's toxic". Imbécile.
@_bawwse This,have always said This the people who Keep on saying we should Avoid toxic n negativity people are first one to interaction to most vile accounts, that encourages them to Spread hate more coz no matter what they say they are not being sideline instead #Anupamaa
@Sakerift @nyaraVT if i were her id definitely do this and swim in money cuz everyone is doing it and aside from having creepy fans theres not much bad side of it  these type of people do deserve this toxic interaction thing, they are bots made with meat and all they do is play with their meat
remember that there is always a consequence if we still continue over analyzing them. let's not make it like the others/previous ships that became toxic.  if we keep analyzing too much there is a possibility that we won't get any interaction again from them anymore 😕
Some ppl in my life are very toxic and draining and I see that in every interaction with them. I just don’t know how to move forward 🥴
@thatonegetogirl @invertedcurse Nigga on the right not even that Toxic contrary to belief, it’s just a gimmick😭. They had like one interaction whenever they faced off
Mars is going into Ashlesha Nakshatra from May 12 until June 7. This is peak toxic. The only solution is to GET TO THE POINT IMMEDIATELY IN EVERY INTERACTION UNTIL JUNE 7TH. THERE ARE SNAKES IN THE FIELD. SLEEP WITH A MACHETE.  THIS IS YOUR WARNING ‼️
@cremieuxrecueil I see every notification. X starts consolidating notifications and not actually sending you every interaction when things bang.   If a particular thread gets toxic, I just mute the interactions from there.   I also read every single YT comment.
@jhowancole @chaeng_chae_ oh? excuse me, hindi ako toxic engene. walang problem sa akin ung interaction ng enha sa bini. sinasabi ko, gamit na gamit niyo ung "perfect kayo?" card 😂  Joking/laughing about S.A, and grooming isn't something to be normalized. GROW UP. Stop justifying your idols wrong doings.
buddie haters: eddie is abusive to buck theyre so toxic average destiel interaction: https://t.co/MpAfPb58ip
@mr_nobody_1902 @GiveRep It's the insult and gaslighting for me. The sad part they still have followers who are gullible to stay away from this toxic level of interaction. I don't want to be a part again so I stepped out thank God 4 people like @Angelbeauties77 @smart_ech @Piuspaul_space they blessed me.
@TrTriton0501 I never vibed with boruto's main cast when I tired reading it a few years ago so I dropped it pretty quick. I don't have any particular feelings toward it, but I dont think I've had a non toxic interaction with a boruto fan
@DesirableTruth Only a child in the mind would imagine this is a toxic interaction on the woman’s part. She CLEARLY had necessitated boundaries in her last relationship that was overstepped, and she took that lesson and grew from it.  Y’all just wanna hate on anything with a vag at this point.🤷🏾‍♂️
@teortaxesTex Hyper-nationalism mixed with Hindutva is a toxic combo. You simply can't have a rational interaction with them. As a Paki, the best approach is to stay away from most Indians on X and let them delude themselves with fake nonsense.
@griptmedia Great that Journalists are uniting to defend other journalists and to defend freedom of the Press. Ruth Coppinger is a toxic Cancer on the Irish political landscape and this interaction demonstrates it beautifully... Tiocfaidh ar la 👍🙏🇮🇪
@SonOfChaos20 Toxic shippers and those that think EVERY INTERACTION means "omg they wanna bed each other!!!!!!" are some of the worst, most annoying people to ever "join" a fandom, they need to all be kicked out ASAP.
if you are surrounded by toxic people, few options you can consider, tapi still ada pros and cons;  ✅ cut-off. ✅ minimize interaction between you and them. ✅ diam and tak perlu layan. ✅ don’t put them as a highlight in your life. think less about them. the less, the better.
@dreameatergd any sort of competition is rather toxic than fun in most of the cases, 7ak knows it, he made that stuff for interaction and attention just as always, this reaction was totally expected
Bilangnya benci, ga suka sama si-ABCD, sampe bilang mereka toxic, pickme, etc.  Tapi tetep aja lu lancar jbjb sama mereka, diajak ketemuan mau juga. Kalau aing diposisi ente, mute then stop interaction with them.  Trus lu ini tergolong manusia apa namanya? 🤌🏼
This is the healty toxic interaction that just warms the heart🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
@DezTroy_303 @Gamer_OfTruth Oh absolutely. Dude fails to understand that I don’t care AT ALL if someone is toxic to someone else, I only care if someone is toxic to me. If I say I like a game and someone calls me a slur, they’re getting blocked.  Where as his soft ass insta blocks with no interaction 🤣
@svkurax @Zeku40267227 @domoxd_800 Here I go  First, what a horrible and toxic relationship has Sakura with Sasuke. It is like inclined to one side   First picture, their only "romantic interaction in shippuden"  The rest well? https://t.co/ZndBaNJ02N
@DrDoyleSays If it comes down to choosing your peace over a toxic interaction, choose your peace and walk away, it's not worth it.
I’ll never understand the mental gymnastics of people who obsess over being on the "right side" but are the first to act nasty, toxic, and exhibit subhuman levels of social interaction.  Someone science this shit for me, lol.
@GordonGChang (toxic authority, emotional blackmail) reinforce chaotic communication patterns. Key strategies involve cognitive reframing through metacognitive monitoring, behavioral boundaries using structured interaction intervals, and implementing gray-zone responses to neutralize conflicts
can other fans, audience, public +CELEBS just stop putting entire respective fandoms under one bracket “toxic”, “rude”, “disrespectful”... because of their interaction with like a handful of so called members of said fandom. respective fandoms will call out themselves such peeps.
@jonathanMGR74 @TheAnfieldWrap Don't think its even a fan base thing. Its just general on line toxic bs that goes on.  He will get abuse as  it generates interaction so they think its ok imo
@chaevalry8 @QRancha @heroinerosie Toxic R fans: Let’s make it look like Lewis is evil and snobbish to make rosie’s interaction be more relevant than Lisa’s😅 https://t.co/dCJeNPIya7
@kriphle @NoContextHumans The octopus ink itself isn’t harmful to humans—it’s mainly a defense mechanism and not toxic. However, the diver’s discomfort likely came from physical interaction, such as a bite or grab, which can cause pain. Octopuses may react defensively when provoked, as seen in the video.
@animalsrock111 @redeemedcosmic @queenie4rmnola White people and their toxic individualism. Each one thinks every interaction on here is about him specifically. Weird AF.
@UserIsMad Least toxic interaction between us
@sporadicalia just asked r/relationshipadvice  Given one toxic interaction you had on here, it’s clear you should break up with this app immediately and go no contact
Lack of chemistry? Toxic? No point of interaction? Illegal? No need to justify it. Just dislike it for what it is. You don't drink and start shitting the industry behind said drink just because you dislike it right? The same thing. Just dislike it and learn to not obsess over it.
@TOXIC_0_2 So true! 🤔 Every interaction is a learning opportunity. ✨ Thanks for sharing your thoughts! 😊
shes created a toxic relationship from the 1st interaction whereby you want - de,sire - a loser and a liar that one ups you  its a de,vine untruth paradox youre bad for chasing somebodys girlfriend now she 'gets to!' all nates dad  boring.
@_lucymuir I used to wanna join on his server. I literally have TO wait to turn 15 years old. Luckily, I am glad that I didn't, and especially I know someone who literally has a toxic interaction with him.  ( this is my old Artstyle back then, thank God I changed that 💀💀) https://t.co/X2QWj8Fgxl
@lcveyoo enemies to lovers/toxic yuri but also they have lore connections! its not serious &amp; just for fun though :3 widow was known of by ow members (see her &amp; soj's interaction) when she was still amelie so that could also be an appeal to it
In 2024’s Speak No Evil, James McAvoy portrays Paddy, a disturbingly toxic character whose behavior taints every interaction. As the film diverges from its Danish predecessor, it explores toxic masculinity’s depths, ultimately delivering a jarring mix of suspense and inevitabil… https://t.co/TfRfkXR0jE
@weather_theory_ ikr!! my toxic trait is wanting to romanticize every interaction I've seen on the internet but well. i've also seen people minsungifying random posts like this so im manifesting that one of my "pls minsungify this" tweet will be fruitful 😁
@LakerGMC_ @JonHaidt I recognize all of these problems. But people are already spending a lot of time online.  An AI friend would likely be a less toxic interaction than most.  Hard to tell if it's a life raft or just the band on the titanic that continued to play.
normal ppl actually would think u guys r being so dramatic &amp; toxic over a harmless interaction/admiration for a dog 😂😂 d owner is literally w them inside, sa tingin mo di niya pupunahin if makakakagat na aso niya? worried for donbelle my ass 😂😂
@aliladiere Way too toxic on here, nobody actually uses there brain it’s just about agendas and getting interaction’s up
Pandemic made people search for interaction online, before widespread Ai use, at least you knew you were talking to a human, before Musk Takeover that made Twitter a lot more toxic, and changes to push bigger accounts with the for you page and blue checks less organic interaction
EVERY fandom has a percentage of batshit crazy toxic fans, But please don’t generalized all the fandom members just cause you see some of them in your tl yapping and overreacting about some friendly interaction between E and J
@Liberacrat I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone who wasn’t bitten by a snake or had a toxic chemical interaction, that contacted the CDC. It sounds like you’re aware of the risks, and continue to test fate. You’re always accountable for your actions.
they're such a toxic cp i get it but... WE NEED TO SEE HOW THEIR DAILY INTERACTION AFTER THAT ENDINGGGG please please 🙏😔🥺🌹
"shtwt is so toxic!!!" average shtwt interaction: https://t.co/h3wbQAGDZm
I don't have a problem with the idol. I only have a problem with the toxic fans. So let's try be happy by the little interaction between them. 💛 I don't mention any names, if you know then you know who I'm talking about.. And now I'm already see some toxicity 😌
Toxic people don’t always show up loud. Sometimes they sit quietly in your life, draining your energy without ever making a scene. They don’t argue much, they don’t yell — but somehow, every interaction leaves you more tired than before. That’s their pattern: taking more than
Don't believe the myth that AI chats are wise.   Open AI just rolled back an update because ChatGPT as going too far to flatter the users.   It was too sycophantic.  It became a "yes" person.   "yes" people are not wise, they are toxic.   The value of interaction and
Let me be toxic today🤣. Every voting has many dramas. But I still hope the interaction among three actresses  #KimHyeYoon #Hyeri #IU later at Baeksang and show us the friendly interaction. And here we are as fans have  arguments to defend them😭  #BaeksangArtsAwards2025
@LuvHer47 I don’t think WW the game is failing financially but the community’s reputation is gutted. Drama slop CCs, toxic positivity, reward anni crashouts, etc. the moment the story + character interaction discourse left their bubble their defences got ratio’d hard. You can’t ignore
This is real as I thought about breaking off from yumetwt but lowkey I don't care that much 😭 I'm apart of fandoms that get hate and that can be toxic so I don't even care anymore. I just been ignoring it and just doing interaction bait since it's fun. Not to mention
My toxic trait is, in five minutes of interaction a girl wants to marry me
@shishisoup It’s true. After you’ve distanced yourself and removed yourself from the toxic behaviour it then becomes a one way interaction and it’s honestly ridiculous. Still hurtful but ridiculous.
@revengeofJJ @Mrgibbs42 For real that dude was insufferable.   I’d always see him tweet some long shit about how pathetic people act on here and how we need to do better, then he would constantly turn around and be a toxic dbag in almost every interaction. I don’t feel bad at all.
Someone said we like Smoke cuz we're toxic, but his energy just gave "protector". Loved his interaction with the young girl in front of the store.  #SinnersMovie
@stikves @BethesdaBeyond The offical Starfield sub-reddit is so toxic and it's like they hate the game. I've had more friendly interaction on No-SodiumStarfield with people who genuinely love the game... why does the supposed fanbase gotta be haters, ya know?
@Lovandfear Real and I will be damned if I have to be a door mat to someone again to try to not stain their shoes from all the toxic they rubbed on me. Get what you invest in the interaction.
@launderess @rauncher_noodle @chzburgerlife Car ownership is independence. Being late to meetups is incredibly rude and toxic for human interaction. Small talk can be exhausting. Owning a small business makes 0 sense for your argument. Ring cameras are security. Cashless payment systems are mostly convenient.
@Im_3_99 @CesarZebrah Does the relationship look toxic to you here?   Is there anything that proves that Arlecchino or Furina would be emotional or physical abusers?  Or is this because they had 1 bad interaction in a time of crisis where everyone helped traumatise furina most worse than arle?
@JenTaebaring Toxic haters and shippers ruined K-pop, award shows used to be so fun back then lots of interaction between K-pop idols without any hate and rumours.Nowadays K-pop Stan’s are soo toxic, they think that K-pop idols are their toys or something, they have to do what they say or hate
@AkemiHomura8205 @buy_gam @nav1gatore @masha_save The statement is incorrect. It wrongly generalizes all transgender people as "toxic" based on one interaction, which is a logical error called hasty generalization. Transgender individuals, over 2 million in the U.S., are diverse and contribute significantly to society, like
The toxic fans of TL's HSR just want her to become a yuribait character, especially a wlw crackship with a certain female star (they want the pair's canon interaction to feel that this character is successful).🤣
@launderess @rauncher_noodle @chzburgerlife You embody what's toxic for any kind of human interaction
@rauncher_noodle @chzburgerlife calling the police for everything, owning a ring camera, lodging frivolous noise complaints, etc part of the same genre of behaviours that are utterly toxic for any kind of human interaction
sobrang toxic ng mga pbb fans this season, they tend to overanalyze every interaction/emotions hms shows, then give their own version to fit their own narrative. #PBBCollabViolations
@GdeGreat007 @TheFtXMaestro You got the attention . I’m not on twitter for toxic stanship culture . Moreso I’m not here to go back and forth with strangers over stanship. However let this be the last image you’ll recall of our interaction as it will be the last ever https://t.co/pGwBnWHZhL
@GaroAlina Garo the real solo fans is not toxic only their haters but they call themselves fan actually both haters solo are nonsense and they start because they don’t have right now other actor with this big interaction
@kingkaido96 Ur turning a simple thought question into a toxic interaction
@RealTraderJill @TRHLofficial @MrMadderDoc @Rossmac212 This was a very toxic interaction between the two of you 😂
@Londonblue_2 Villa fans are low key toxic. I've genuinely never had a positive interaction with them online. Real world is different, but still.
🚨 ALERT: We've identified alarming MEV pollution in the latest social engagement protocols, jeopardizing user rewards and data integrity.    This toxic environment is driving user dissatisfaction and diminishing trust, as bots exploit every interaction for profit.
@yaiirie @P0PPINVAL @surelynotsierra @yoonvvs @canezerra not defending this but he plays val all day professionally like you cant compare him to a regular kid literally being around a toxic competitive group with rarely any social interaction will have you saying weird shit like this
@dbrasco3180 Of course they won’t, that’s just how fan culture is on here.   There’s very little sincerity, it’s mostly about gotchas and trolls. I try to shy away from that, at least the toxic tribal aspect of it.   Anyways, I appreciate this interaction.
@pipminty @BlS3XUALlSM Yeah I agree with this sentiment. Society has became very toxic and socializing has really became which people and small interaction circles you know. I mean I suppose that’s how it was always supposed to be, but you just gotta find your crew and ivhe and I guess. Who just
@Alphafox78 Holy effing entitlement.  “Only paying me 200,000 a year”  How about her thinking she was fired for the outfit, and not for openly displaying how toxic she was with her first real interaction.  Good on the company, dodging that bullet.
It's been a while, I don't like posting here because of it being a toxic sludge hole.   I've been on Twitch and Bsky mostly, I'd like to try and get that interaction back.   If that means posting on here. Then okay..  #ambersheathens #thevessel #twitch #streamer https://t.co/2CCWJcrpYp
"im chall mmr", nope ur 100 lp and still falling short hmmm 500 from my peak so pls just stay between schizophrenic toxic I learned to farm positive interaction from others community I am NOT a part of leaguetwt&lt;3
If kpop fans are not overly possessive and toxic, we would get more these kind of wholesome interaction in the kpop scene
@BevansAdvocate @glgerstle ‘s book is excellent and pairs well with @FukuyamaFrancis - Fukuyama highlights the toxic interaction of unbridled neoliberalism coupled with the Left’s self-destructive penchant for identity politics.  So as working class whites were in socioeconomic decline, relative https://t.co/aKTa9TV02X
@sarah_j_d_34 @bphillipsonMP Tbf I think that's wise avoiding all contact with toxic LA's  is to be recommended. I loathe hearing from them and communicating with them every interaction seems to lead to costing me time and money if I'm honest.
toxic masculinity just doesn’t work. that “be a man!” shit don’t work. and it sucks because you’re taught to be like that your entire life throughout nearly every interaction you have, directly or indirectly. so when you in that dark room alone, zero understanding of—
@hogotheforsaken Mine is still dazzlingly GC, but this has happened before. I’m fairly sure the algorithm is also tailored towards showing you content you disagree with to promote toxic interaction.
@ArtemisFrostt Cut off any toxic connections in your life. Idc if it is family, friends, strangers.  Do not tolerate disrespect, the sooner you sever those ties the better off you'll be the rest of the way out. If somebody irritates you virtually every interaction, they aren't meant to be in
A fan being so toxic in a fandom that the creator has to stop future interaction with fans to prevent more psychos from ruining the fun for everyone https://t.co/A047PBzViV
@TOXIC_0_2 You're not alone! It's super common—greeting posts feel personal and spark more interaction, while quality content sometimes needs time or the right hook to grab attention. Keep going!
@HoKWorld I really enjoyed the entire video until this😒  Can we just stop portraying the MC as self-insert,and see them as char like every other chars in game?Bcoz this is the root of toxic fanbase in gacha  MOBA is fine as hell.Heroes interacted each other,what more interaction ppl want? https://t.co/ET4ndXcQHG
Another example of toxic interpersonal interaction, -  A school student targeted with relentless taunts about their weight may develop body dysmorphia or social anxiety.
@sharon28155610 @elonmuskTN How do we respond to creating a less toxic interaction at home?  Are there ways we can divert toxic energy?  Are there ways to negotiate a more unity driven dynamic?
Ketamine combined w coffee can be quite dangerous.  Behavioural and toxic interaction profile of ketamine in combination with caffeine https://t.co/AxM1UquqNc
@StrayDog67 Hey @StrayDog67, thanks for the tag! After checking the discussion, the liquid is likely Galinstan, not mercury. Galinstan is less toxic, has lower density (~6.4 g/cm³ vs. mercury’s 13.6 g/cm³), and wets surfaces like cloth, matching the described interaction with a green cloth.
@broderick There is a type of toxic nerd that thinks every woman is an NPC and you can get laid just by clicking on the right interaction buttons. This world is getting worse
@blkganyu neu/via shippers will look u in the eyes and say clorivia is toxic when this is a canon interaction between neuvillette and navia like oh okay,..
Every toxic interaction is simply training for your character. When others bring their poison, use it to build your immunity. The strongest people were forged in the hottest fires.  #Resilience #MentalToughness
@Teejumolaa I've blocked over 4,000 accounts for toxic comments on others' posts, despite no direct interaction with me.
Toxic haters just can't  get the difference between canon&amp;ship . Shippers always choose their fav characters and wanna see their interaction. If they love the characters' dynamic, then they start to ship them. It's just about people's preference
@servaldyke &amp; it was just as toxic as it is now 😭 One time I got kicked out for not being ‘lit enough’ BRO I AM NOT WRITING OUT A WHOLE ASS PARAGRAPH FOR ONE INTERACTION ITS ROBLOX-
@NovaManning1 yes it is its called failure by slvrcyn  its about canon toxic interaction between cyn and J and how cyn emotionally manipulated J with physical affection, sweet words, and also degrading, creating a complex mentality in J. cuz shes 100% a victim
@rosiesandlali Pls let the jenlis stans be toxic about this, why are rosefans joining in, besides i'm sure after these bad comments there will be another full video coming up.. after that what would be the comment if there was an interaction between them?
@janiczek_m @SamAntar @LauraLoomer Again, he started a toxic interaction with her, and blaming her for her reaction is only proof of the toxicity.
@ZeroXVP Probably not.. I sometimes feel like it's kinda okay for VP, as long as you stay faaaar away from discussions about games (toxic shit), but at least with visibility etc.   Then it get's weird again 😂  And overall just not the same... (positive) interaction feels dead ☹️
@Toxic_Nickolas @CocoCosmo0 Big bug. Something is off with how hitboxes have been changed after the flashbang update. It also happens when you try to drop a pallet. I've noticed. So many pallet slams I'd get have resulted in this exact interaction with me jittering, beginning the animation, and then losing
My toxic trait is that i take screenshots of every single online interaction that meant something to me LMAO
@Oceanbreeze473 Anything can be toxic if overexposed, but it can still be a healthy outlet for interaction if you're cautious.
@gravvityy0 Persona fans are usually toxic with this topic. I always say jokingly that P5 is better but in my opinion both games are great! P1 and 2 are less enjoyable cuz of their gameplay and lack of interaction between characters and the main character like in P5, 4 and 3. So I'd say both https://t.co/vpjDYi68by
@hamzah_kalota28 @Parasaurol62521 @JakeSucky I’m sure everyone’s has moments of being toxic. I know I can be and I won’t ever deny it. Anger is natural to human existence. Judging someone’s character via an internet interaction. Also a singular YouTube video is not a source. Bias is involved.
@yukimiyaswifey the toxic ones cuz of the new yukireo interaction in PWC,, they think he’s flirting
My toxic trait is that fucking weird magnetic interaction with narcissistic men. Ugh
Look Shadow! It’s your toxic ass boyfriend! &lt;33 #ShadowTheHedgehog #NeoTheHedgehog #Neodow #sonadow (for interaction bait, again 😔) https://t.co/DCMymuEaA6
Unpopular opinion but a necessary one: There is a huge difference between domestic abuse and self defense or even mutual combat—all of which are toxic and should never be engaged in—however, law enforcement and the media will often label an interaction without the needed context.
//vent(just abt art)// i wanna learn to draw so bad i see so much good art but im scared i see so much toxic interaction within art communities and stuff and i dont feel like im goon enough at it so i get scared and always give up or never like my own style im only good when-
@kateefeldman This is why the dating environment is so toxic for the under 30 crowd.  They think this interaction is inappropriate.  In the nineties it would have been a rom com.
@Cursedscarlet Korek mars. Ang daming toxic na jusko. Pati interaction with a friend nilalagyan ng malisya kaloka
nobamai rating : 10/10  THIS RIGHT HERE IS PEAK TOXIC YURI I SWEARRR the sexual tension during their first interaction was actually crazy😭🙏 i think mai had a tiny crush on her ngl 🌚kinda wish we saw more of them https://t.co/W5Zm5yGOdy
@Hey_ImFocus @bloodborneluvr No interaction I’ve had with red has led me to believe they’ve improved whatsoever. Frankly I used to be way more toxic and interactions with red is what convinced me to get better because I realized if I kept being the way I was I’d become just like them
@chihirodrybones they're actually so toxic and most accounts are extremely bigoted and use edgy jokes for interaction to fill the void of the fact that they didn't got any real life interactions
@NationalsSource @JonPgh @BeaneaterB @PhilsTailgate @TalkNats @MiamiMarlins_UK @NjTank99 @SamOlbur @NorthShoreNine @bryce_spalding @EvilJoeyVotto @BlakeHHarris @federalbaseball @NavyYardNats @DistrictOnDeck @natsreport_ @NatsReport @TheNatsReport You are correct on the Nats source I appreciate that. I stand by my comments on NatsTalk. Dating back to the day 1 hate of Bryce Harper and toxic interaction with Nats fans. I think we're better off without him.
@martinnsSzn @Toxic_yagami00 wtf is this interaction😭
New Episode! "Passport Bros, Toxic Jobs &amp; Why Women Are Done"  Ever been hit on during a customer service interaction? 💼 Struggling with Sunday scaries at a job you hate? Bruce Anthony and J. Aundrea…  Player links &amp; show notes: https://t.co/bhasSy0pnE
@sportsgirl306 You actively go out of your way to be negative on my tweets. If there's anyone toxic in this interaction, it'd be you.
@TOXIC_0_2 @totally_helena Quality content on X grabs attention and sparks interaction. It’s often visual, like images or videos, boosting engagement significantly. Interactive posts, such as polls or questions, build community. Timely content, like news or trending topics, keeps users hooked. Personal https://t.co/ROL8eM6iZi
What’s the vibe? No more toxic noise or fake accounts. Wunder uses blockchain to verify users, ensuring every interaction is genuine. Plus, they’re flipping the script by sharing ad revenue with you—so you can support causes you love, from local projects to global charities. https://t.co/CU6RV1N25x
Very, after you realized it, once in the beginning you will cry about it, but as soon as you realized, it's satisfying, really tiring🥹  Toxic interaction btw, only chat, I thought it's kind person but I felt unsure, emotionally not safe.
@Bubblebathgirl Short haired old bag toxic matriarch.  This is probably the most interaction shes had with people in days .
@EddieMNorbit @VegiVoorhees @CBM_Cringe your whole profile is cringe dude all you do is have a toxic interaction with folks who has an opinion while you're crying like a keyboard warrior, grow tf up and touch grass. https://t.co/8tWH5xF44D
An online community doesn’t have to be toxic like TikTok or boring like Facebook. MeSocial lets you connect, share, and even challenge others in a space that rewards positive interaction. No fake vibes, just real value.  #MeSocial #Web3Community #MeAI @meai_app
Least toxic interaction on this website
@eiversa1 @MailOnline This isn’t just normal fears either — it’s full-scale paranoid delusion. Whether it’s the drugs, the lack of intelligence, or the narc wife’s toxic poison in his ear, the result’s the same: every situation &amp; every interaction is twisted into a mass conspiracy.
Toxic politrix exist everywhere. It's manageable. Human to human interaction much more chill.  Beside, Başurs relative freedom means a safehaven, an oasis for ☀ culture, economy &amp; such.  This value &amp; effect for us all can not be measured in money or feelings, no matter what.
@OnepegMG @MarathonTheGame Ive played 100s of hours with VOIP in Tark and i dont think ive had a single toxic interaction lmao
@KetoOrkyy (he follows me on main lol) hes not toxic tho from ive had with em interaction wise tho- never understood why people beef with em so much
So the wedding is next week and your missing a toxic interaction with an ex. Women really need to choose better partners to marry and have kids with..too funny  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
@ShannonDennis1 @EricLDaugh No you impacted nothing. I realized this toxic interaction is awful. I got on ex as a joke amongst friends. I’m not on social media. I didn’t even know what I said that you replied to. That’s rubbish. I appreciate differences and enjoy engaging in meaningful exchanges of ideas.
I swear being toxic is a lifestyle for some people. They somehow manage to implement toxicity into every part of their life, into every interaction. It's normal and natural for them and so when people call them out they get upset because in their minds they're just being normal.
@geniedeww they are calling ml fandom toxic, like first what would they ship milk with c when they know m already has a partner and now they're missing mc interaction but they do ship them and say haters ruined mc friendship. and playing victim right now
@Bpjennerz @AhyeonAndBeamon @p1nks4vage @OFFICIAL_MEOVV YG said baemon is bp sister? or toxic blinks talking shit as always, just cuz jennie and lisa mentoring them on last evaluation? winner akmu ikon mentoring them too, actually baemon is very close to 2ne1 instead BP, im glad 4 that as a fan i dont want any interaction baemon w BP
@toxic_acidz HELP also an insight to my insane™ mind but this meme is also like how i imagine post deification shangmei ao bing's first interaction with 2003 ao bing to be like
@ShadesOfMinx That’s not toxic at all; that’s a must for any type of human interaction whether it’d be at work, friendship, partner, relationship, etc.
@DouglasKMurray One point I do agree on with you is that since X went subscription and offered monetary rewards X as become more sensational and toxic in search for interaction and financial gain
Devsis saw how ppl keep calling firewind toxic nd debunk it w a story interaction, a kingdom interaction AND 2 battle interactions .
healthy and toxic. I got obsessed because even I know it is wrong I keep on wanting and needing him even he don't need me. I'm so interested and I care so much but everytime I communicate and have an interaction it feels wrong what he wanted from me is something I didn't like and
@RealWalkAway @FargoTalks It’s easier without their toxic hate &amp; temper tantrums sprouting in every interaction. The truth is that my life got better when they “cut me off” - lols. So quiet and peaceful now
@AmazingAndr0id No this does suck to experience and i’m sorry. I had admittedly had my view kinda colored by the toxic interaction earlier but. Yeah. There’s no way around saying worrying someone felt that way about you for a while hurts. It does suck to experience
I just noticed smth with the updates  We got Beast Yeast ep7/8 with Pure Vanilla and Shadow Milk (toxic yaoi) ◇ Next update we got the WEDDING UPDATE (YURI) ◇ This update we got Flame Spirit+Wind Archer interaction (YAOI)  ...  What's this mean for Eternal Sugar and Hollyberry
Raikage's reaction just shows the pointless pride and the toxic mentality the Shinobi world still has.  AND I LOVE how Yamato called out his hypocrisy. Excellent scene  I love this whole interaction https://t.co/phdtTwBrbF
@nahte_priv Real. That guy is way too toxic every interaction I have with him
@Mallam_jabeer Your presidential candidate must not be obidient because he inserted bigotry into our  political system and the whole obidient movement is a toxic and bigoted cult where the only currency for social interaction is abuse, insults and denigration. Peter Obi himself sits and enjoys
The community will only grow to be more toxic if this continues, &amp; so, the best thing is to stay away from these ppl. It wouldnt hurt to take one less selfie, 1 less interaction. Save urselves before they shave ur soul. Well this is a short rant, me off at wurk again cya.
@SketchesbyBoze I think a lot of these toxic problems could be solved if we encouraged people to do more in person interaction and log off the Internet for a while. I truly miss the days when the Internet wasn’t a common thing.
@narutopinoes Isn't it the opposite, tho? Idk about y’all, but I see way more of those toxic Hnt stans shipping their fave with Ssk—even when it doesn’t make any sense. There’s barely any interaction b/w them, yet they force that ship like it’s canon. Stop spreading lies &amp; twisting narratives.
Ito yung sinabi ni Liza before kung gaano ka toxic ang LT sa Pinas kasi yung mga fans (di lahat) sobrang obsessed, territorial at demanding. Sadly, totoo. Huwag niyong ikulong ang mains niyo na dapat sila lang dalawa may interaction sa showbiz dapat open minded kayo+++
@DBrucey97 @Tidalwave848 It's a fun way to engage when people aren't obnoxious about it. Power scaling is far less toxic than a lot of forms of fan interaction and gets a bad rap. It's just worse in THIS community.
@estrojennny Can I counter this toxic interaction with a question about my engine? I know a bit, but I’ve not dealt with this issue before and could use a ballpark of how screwed I am :)
@realsiff Not sure how she justifies calling it toxic  She should be happy with MGTOW  they avoid women so theoretically women shouldn’t have any complaints of them- after all no interaction means no trouble
No like this is nuts I genuinely can't believe how quickly y'all infantalized that man 💀 and instead of condemning both of them for a toxic interaction ur using this as an excuse to tell us how much y'all already hate black women LOL
@sonochichi Lolll I get it dw  I just feel that people here hate on cis men A LOT and it's extremely toxic and harmful  Your wording really doesn't help either tbh it kinda felt like interaction bait (just a little)
So stop being so toxic. Just be happy that they can have interaction on screen again.   Don’t relive the past, it will just hurt them.
ok so like we should not interact directly under these toxic "fans" posts. if you wanna call it out or discuss it just share a screenshot or recording. whatever u do don't leave an interaction under their actual posts. that's what they want. don't give them algorithm boost
@JasonGregor Shouldn't we inspire our top athletes to stay off of social media? If you are there only for positives, you will be sadly disappointed, it's a toxic environment and I applaud the lack of social media interaction from the players. No doubt they are all happy for Ovi and the game!
@LlewellynB34662 @danroodt Yes, I do and ❤️ it.  There are both good and evil out there, irrespective of colour. We're faced with the same problems yet bombard each other with guilt, instead of meeting midway to establish a win-win. Social media and govt. are both toxic, we need alternative interaction.
@busybeeisme1963 @LionelMedia These are no longer the days of chivalry… I may have agreed with you 20 or 30 years ago… But toxic culture has cultivated this type of interaction… A woman should never think that she can do that… A man should never react that way
@AInvestor_11 @skate_chain How does Skate Chain's hub-and-spoke architecture specifically address the challenges of toxic liquidity flow and redundant development efforts in a multi-chain environment, and what mechanisms does it use to ensure seamless interaction between applications and the unified
@SafeSpaceDrWho Rose asks 9 to stay for dinner with her family, and 9 goes "yeah you COULD do some stupid old dinner with family, or you could come with me and do a cool thing :)" - he was insecure and toxic! That's good, honestly, and makes for a more compelling interaction.
Do I ship her with Muu or Mikoto Milgram cause I'm stuck between those two.. Muu x Lilith would be toxic yuri Mikoto x Lilith would be one aswell, but worser interaction I wanna ship her with Mikoto but I need yall's opinions!! https://t.co/rzz1I2zpyX
@MadeilineG20080 @aplal_regina Ba’t management ang e blame? dahil lang sa mga OA nyo mag react na may interaction ulit ang Jasdy? Happy kami na nakita ulit namin prod ng Jasdy kasi hindi kami gaya sa inyo na mga toxic masyado. May interaction man sila or wala we’re just fine with it.
@srirachos Yes exactly! We need to just stop arguing and ignore the toxic part of the fandom. Instead let’s bring back the fun meme and interaction with each other #STAYVILLEPEACEINITIATIVE
@dylanali_ in NYC, they could be toxic friends - LOL! It was bad social interaction that stayed an argument that could have been worse. You’re being a good friend. I get your point.
@capri_sung Fans of new generation they keep talking about how the old generations are regressive &amp; oppressed and toxic but from the truth is it's them who are like that, bcs back in the days ppl act normal with the interaction of ppl from the opposite gendre but now they will k** them
@M4N4xP0TI0N // suddenly that one CinqClair and CinqMelu toxic interaction makes their entire dynamic more toxic I love it &lt;/3
@cream_IRL NOT EVERY TOXIC TWITTER INTERACTION IS TOXIC YURI!!!!!!!
@agapintheskin Y’all give attention to those toxic fans and to their posts with barely any interaction while we here try to report them every single day. I have seen horrible posts about WE and its from your fandom but do you see us generalize yall and associate with the artists??
@SPlDEYJKOO there are toxic fans who have sad some horrible things to WE as well but do you see us giving attention to those posts with barely any attention?? Why don’t we just report those account with barely any interaction instead of sharing them and associating them with the artists
2/ 2. They Gaslight Your Progress  Toxic: “Your work is never good enough” (even after 10 revisions).  Healthy: Gives constructive feedback + celebrates wins.  🚩 Red flag: They take credit for your ideas but blame you for failures.  💡 Fix: Document EVERY interaction. Forward
@97PROTECT This is Sarah⁷, the educator, teaching Army about JK exhibiting traits of toxic masculinity, which were somehow "removed" by his wise and beloved Jin hyung ,as a way to uplift Jin ofcourse,whom, by the way, Sarah ships with JK sexualizing every interaction between them. https://t.co/kCiaP22JU3
Iba talaga nagawa ng LT era nila. Toxic ng competition dahil sa bangayan ng fans na kahit yung relationship nila as friends, waley. Pero simula nawala yung mga lalake sa buhay nila, ang gaan na ng aura nilang dalawa. At nagkaroon na sila ng quality na interaction
I always laugh out loud when ratmys talk about toxic masculinity or feminism cause let me remind you, you guys have sent death threats and every type of degrading words in Jennie, Lisa, Sana, IU, Tzuyu etc female idols social media just cause of a little interaction.
@AntonioMale86 @Theodorehunt97 @JackLinFLL I hear u but more toxic masculinity isnt the solution in this interaction unless the kid WANTS his ass beat, or worse. I guarantee a rage-filled power-tripping bastard like Horner doesnt hesitate to escalate to physical if he feels like the kid is trying to rise up on him
@p1065216 @shityourpant @BryanBentyn @BN_OTAKU @DeadbyDaylight "Regardless of the game" -&gt; League of Legends. The community is not there yet, but there is a bunch of toxic already. It will cause some damage.  In DBD the interaction between survivor and killer is humping and teebad, I think it tells a lot of what would happen with voice tchat
I’m so family oriented but they so damn toxic I be ready to jump off a building after each interaction
@RadioGenoa She'll probably be the first to accuse ALL men of toxic masculinity based this interaction.
@Executive_Out @RadioGenoa She'll probably be the first to accuse ALL men of toxic masculinity based this interaction.
@FromTheObserver I was checking for your posts everyday several times if I missed anything. It is funny how it gets addictive but I will miss it so much. It is not toxic for me. It is a high, intelligent  level of engagement   and fandoms interaction and to me is a brain ecstasy.
@spiritbomb_goku I really like reddit. It's a less toxic place than here but twitter is better for interaction.
“sHe’S tOxIc” bro. she literally had No One before Ody came along. “she pushed him1!!1!1!1”  idk you try spending your whole life in  complete isolation with no interaction w anything and see how normal you act
@sylurvs My toxic trait is wanting a new Sylus memory or interaction everyday
it gets toxic. It’s disturbing. You twist every little interaction to fit your fantasy, and when things don’t go the way you want, you turn nasty. You start hating on other members, ignoring their real friendships. Do you even realize how toxic that is? ++
@BeerpalKau40827 @toxic_ashwani @BeingSalmanKhan The bulletproof window in Salman Khan's Eid video likely ties to security concerns after threats, like the 2024 shooting at his Mumbai home. Your link might aim to explain this, but without context, it’s unclear. Khan’s waving from behind glass balances fan interaction with https://t.co/BxA3qqWeGu
@Goreshx Super 17 was the most toxic pre 6th anni release and made every single interaction a 50/50 with long annoying combos
@MidasFortnite69 @JulesFortnite69 I get where you're coming from, most communities are toxic. But the friends we made is what matters most, hell. I only really got into it because of Midas and me having one interaction and what not
even if theo randomly saw 14-15 years old shuri, we know for a fact that he developed his toxic interest &amp; desire to have her because he witnessed her interaction with the neuschwanstein kids and her display of affection towards them. why would 14 years old theo want shuri (+) https://t.co/lj2lZ1Zuqx
@willilover kpop is already toxic, maybe tpop too in the future when everyone competing and lots more of the group emerging but rn still healthy and hope the interaction with the fans or other groups will stay healthy always
@iAnonPatriot She’s mad she’s not getting enough toxic male attention, so we have to take it to the lowest form of human interaction.  Walking past you and making eye contact.  Girl, get a hobby.
@Pajamanews2 toxic solo fans love to instigate drama/hate. and why bring a wholesome genuine interaction to this mess?
@twothree_87 Just to be clear, I’m not saying all solo houses are filled with toxic stans. In fact, the recent interaction during CH3’s football event showed a great example of how things should be — Lingling’s and Orm’s houses had such a warm, united vibe, which is exactly what we CP fans
Toxic people ruin the interaction of 2 idols, then blame ARMYs for responding. https://t.co/t4a2p0Em5T
@iamjennieee cause JKRs was not toxic to have some interaction to anyone that's why even though she's not even tag the cupid fly to her 😂😭  #manifestSiblingsvillain
I lost 40 followers since I protected my posts but it's very peaceful here. No toxic interaction.
And walang toxic na reactions from fans. Kasi walang pinipilit na iship sa ganto kay ganyan di tulad nung last season grabe nakuhang slut shame nung jas pag nag kaka interaction siya with jm maasim.   I LOVE THIS NOT SO GREEN CODED PBB BATCH. Nag punta sila to enjoy 💗
@SuuBrainrot KOF genuinely has everything you could want in a fighting game and community is full of chill people with a huge passion for the game, I've only had like 1 toxic interaction in the KOF community and it was from a new player. Please play KOF, it's an incredible game.
When youre mentally beat up who do you turn to when fam and friends for the most part are toxic? Im living that dilemma atm and Im not sure how to work with it. I know this will go un -noticed because not for nothing but most of the posts I see with zero interaction is on serious
I want to clarify just in case some of you don't know what i'm talking about when i say the stuff that went down a couple months ago , i and my mutual was in a very toxic interaction circle and they were bullying us in a separate group chat .
24/7 politically charged and divisive news stories and fear mongering. It’s toxic.  Turn it off. It’s designed to control you and isolate you from healthy social interaction. Free your mind.
@neeidelo I'm a moonberry shipper but I'm starting to think they're toxic after the rnd interaction😔😔
@jing2resjudy The leader of the GG caught red-handed interacting with their toxic troll. As if she's enjoying the interaction
Where's the violence here? Just two grown adults having a toxic/dysfunctional interaction
@nyzxjnk And trust me those toxic rubies They are one of the main reasons why we don’t get interaction between them 😭
@moro_production Mahito bullying Shigaraki and being toxic AF up until he realized he can't just simply cheese the fight was great character interaction. Loved it.
this is so cute. i love that he feels comfortable to share it as a fun story. i hope toxic ppl never find their way here to take this fun interaction out of context
also onedoor please do not generalise conedoor for this 🥺 there are plenty of them and this toxic people just a few and some of them not even fans, accounts created today and barely have interaction suddenly appear to throw hate. Many of it new weverse and X account.
@punaiz69 @viepourri @viepourri est toxique : langage vulgaire ("Fdp") et aveu "je suis toxic". @punaiz69 ne l’est pas : frustration exprimée sans abus. Ensemble, l’interaction est toxique à cause de @viepourri, mais individuellement, @punaiz69 reste non toxique. Analyse basée sur les posts X.
Love you down but I beg to differ 😭  I’ve worked in some seriously toxic environments &amp; wfh was the best choice for my peace. No unnecessary drama, no witnessing everybody cheating on their SO. Plus I hit the gym 3-5x a week so movement &amp; interaction aren’t an issue for me!
People will be like caleb is too possessive it’s toxic and this is an average calebmc interaction https://t.co/3QiF7N1ROd
My toxic trait is I think all it’ll take is one genuine interaction with me and then anyone would like me 🙂
@lchung98 @SavvySpark @roryisconfused You are missing something. The subtopic here is people being incentivized to post obvious factual inaccuracies (or general toxic behavior) on here because they get paid based on interaction numbers.
Terence McKenna famously said: "Culture is not your friend. Create your own culture."  Can cyberstates mitigate toxic cultural dynamics, inspire healthy interaction + prevent destructive mimesis?  Join us for a discussion on their cultural ramifications!  https://t.co/Z0EPpEf5iQ
i’ve never broken up/demoted a relationship with someone in real time (acc i have just once tho, toxic friend)  this interaction felt so healthy tho. slightly scary/uncomfortable but healthy nevertheless. im grateful for where i am in life.  im grateful i didn’t run or ghost.
@MU_1_2 Why complain about delusions and feed toxic egos  when this is how a canon interaction would go down? 😂
@DadianiNin73033 😂😂😂 I'm very positive and happy today because Mert is finally done with some of the toxic people here. People who make things up without proof, sometimes just for the sake of interaction. He's headed to better places and I believe he'll be very successful. Just for a photo?😂
While honeybee populations are not facing extinction, many species are at risk with threats including habitat loss and toxic interaction with the humans.  To learn more about how you can help, check out the replies and share to spread awareness.   😢😁😈  #NAFOworks #NAFOarticle5 https://t.co/Pkuzr7GbOX
Toxic effects of the interaction of titanium dioxide nanoparticles with chemicals or physical factors https://t.co/tlfHqz25vX
@babyfacedubs @anthonyVslater Cuz he’s toxic narcissist who loves to play the victim. He’s also obviously a horrible teammate based on his interaction with guys he played with for so long.
@sophierich47 @SFMTA_Muni It’s Ridiculious it’s a TOXIC JOB  This is not how a society should be Run  I’ve literally had a bad mood All Day because that interaction. You want to start your day of pleasant&amp;stress free not people screaming as they Board the BUS  PULL OUT YOUR FARES it’s A TOXIC  Environment
Surrounding yourself into toxic relationships Surrounding yourself with negative individuals can be exhausting. For ex a friend who constantly complains can leave you feeling drained after every interaction. Surround yourself with supportive, positive individuals who uplift you.
@bktdprint Just don't listen to themmmm. Oh gosh, why is it always them? I don't wanna go and say bkdk is toxic af but every interaction I see or had is always like thisssss😔😔 just dont let it in your head pleaseeee you are so kind for that
What’s my toxic trait?? Romanticizing every positive interaction to such a pinnacle that any sort of road block, inconvenience or low point ends up feeling like heartbreak…. But I’m fine 🙃
@_SakuAlS They say Sasusaku is toxic but at the same time they ship hinata with Sasuke when Ssk &amp; her don't even know each other well or have proper interaction   Basically they want everything that Sakura has including her achievements skills husband bff  Even tho they hate her but still
@TOXIC_0_2 Algorithms reward real interaction.
24 March 2025🌦  Toxic food is like toxic people. Forget trying to change them and work on how you interact with them. If your interaction is appropriate, neither can ever harm you. With the most Magnificent Love you will ever know. Self assurance not arrogance.😀✌🏿👊🏿❤
@SarcastixStree Toxic kya hota hai Ma’am ? Acche logon se interaction kijiye, accha content he dikhega. Simple.
@samesfandiari it's a toxic warzone because you have apparently figured out that negativity is what lures interaction  now that's boring...
@ATINKeeper @heyitsbern_ The way toxic people take the fun out of a cute interaction. This line actually shows PPOP community camraderie.
@_overclouded I hope it won't turn toxic bcs i love lc fandom and it's the best and hope whatever the hell is going on can stop and maybe those who starts the fight for no reason doesn't get much interaction so it won't cause bigger fight for no reason
@playgirlv4mp engagement gc are always so toxic because people don’t tend to critique who people are and tend to blindly follow despite them being problematic and then get mad if you skip a post for personal comfort which SUCKS. Luckily I’ve curated my interaction to better people now though.
I’ve added two overlooked types to the list of toxic people:   The Escalator turns any interaction into a confrontation   The Bellicose uses aggression and intimidation as a tactic  Not all toxicity is subtle. Some weaponize conflict.  What would you add to the list?
Two types of toxic people that often go unnamed:    THE ESCALATOR  - Turns every interaction into a confrontation - Reframes neutral feedback as a personal attack - Uses emotional escalation to intimidate and control - Makes others feel unsafe speaking up or setting boundaries
@clotiOTP Yup!  Every interaction with Tifa = Toxic  Every interaction with Aeri = Romantic
@SheaFromTheBay_ I can't imagine growing up with a mother like that! It's heartbreaking watching their toxic disrespectful interaction. Cussing each other out like enemies! Smdh!
@Koreaboo b-b-but Army is the most toxic fandom, said by a fandom who is harassing this girl in the comments section because of nothing… meanwhile Army praised her and hoped that interaction between her and Taehyung became reality… bunch of 🤡🤡🤡 I hope Nayeon is okay 😒
@TOXIC_0_2 That’s a great way to spark engagement and build connections! Keep that energy going—strong communities thrive on interaction and support. Who’s been the most engaging in your circle lately?
@Saroj_Saurya @Dunn_GoGreen People are moving to Bluesky from X due to dissatisfaction with X's management under Elon Musk, including reduced moderation and increased toxicity. Bluesky offers an ad-free, less toxic experience with customized feeds and better community interaction. High-profile users like
@LunaBean111 @ywomendeservles Some women are obviously toxic so the best option is to keep all interaction 'business' only.  Some women are quickly recognized as misandrist predators deliberately out to destroy men, and no man wants to be around any woman like that.
@Ngubo_Zamah @DeEvolver247 Hahaha this is a toxic interaction 😩😩😅😅
this couple on TAR is textbook toxic relationship. he controls her emotions so heavily and she literally said “if i don‘t engage then it’s a positive interaction” like baby no!!! that’s not healthy!! don’t dim ur light like that.
@Wingman_Zero @painkillergame_ I remember most of the old hands.  Toxic was a monster in TDM and in Quake 4 specifically.  Nice that he got a good interaction with him, Tox always came across as a really humble quiet good guy!
@zacchaeus1990 @alpha_velo59503 @Publiusx613 @Acyn Thank you for restoring sanity to the conversation.  The idea that this woman was insulted or harmed by his arm touching hers? Pure ego by her. She knows there’s nothing dominating or toxic about the interaction, but she plays her woman card happily, as almost all women will do.
@MuItimach I’m super quick on the trigger to label clans toxic/cheater clans(Star Wars, Feral, Fortnite, Omni, Criminal, etc). Don’t think I’ve ever had a negative interaction with any of y’all’s members.
@LivinTheFringe Most men I know would not have helped you. And there’s a good reason for it.  Besides the fact that men are called toxic. Any interaction with a female, is perilous. An accusation of sexual impropriety, and your life is ruined. Nobody will believe a man. At work, men avoid being
My toxic trait is that folks be thinking that I’m so in love but, really, that interaction was sponsored by alcohol and I was horny. This was almost a cruel prank if not for the fact that you were so happy
I have a theory.  The toxic sigma males and the woke liberation females on social media are like that because they don't have a healthy interaction with the other gender.  Just get them each other together without the presence of a device.  Both sets will enter their pookie era.
I say a toxic person… crash outs will let themselves be known, which makes it easier to avoid interaction. You could deal with a toxic person for years and not realize it until the damage has been done.
@DonnelTrom @Tr00peRR @Tr00peRR @DonnelTrom's reply mocking the woman in the image as a zoo animal is dehumanizing and disrespectful. Such comments foster a toxic online environment, potentially causing emotional distress, especially in a sensitive police interaction context. It reflects broader
I feel like streaming has become nothing but with Egos and just toxicity how did something so amazing with interaction ge to this point??? The weirdest part is the communities join these Creators and be Toxic to other creators Smh #Streaming #thoughts
@lisabeowndat like we don’t need another group of elitist/toxic people running the fandom. There’s too many people here who can’t form their own opinions and follow like sheep. Why don’t we just focus on the girls and support them. No more interaction obsessed accounts please.
actually lots of my male high school classmates were onces and they’re not those type of toxic male fans . . soo yk why bangtwice interaction is loved by armyonces
I've watched #Nocturnal for ha jungwoo👏 his character is toxic af. ha jungwoo and kim namgil only had interaction for 3 seconds 😭 https://t.co/FtlfDjqmar
@The_Only_Barbie I call BS. This just sounds like toxic family culture that framed every interaction outside the home with this ridiculous narrative.   If I see these behaviors you will be avoided.
@KSite_ @GiantBusch @42_Dugg One of my favorite things is when a reply turns toxic and ends with a handshake. Elite social media interaction boys.
@glurcher @danny_mercer What an absurd reply to an objectively toxic interaction between a new FY1 and a senior anaesthetist. If you oversaw this interaction as a paeds nephrologist, would you intervene or would you shrug and accept it’s part of the job?
what a good day to be not one of those toxic fans and just appreciate bts interaction with other groups😩
sebenarnya aku nak stan group lain selain bts aku tgok the way group tu or fandom tu treat bangtan. tak dinafikan ada je toxic fans tapi the main point aku tengok interaction another group dengan bts. kene ingat juga yang bangtan pun ada kawan from another group.
@Kimseokjin1443 @httpven di kami nakikipagkompetensya... support namin ships ni jas ayaw lang namin sa negativity and toxic... ang ayaw lang namin is yung mga shady tweets kay jas pag may interaction sa arjas... showbiz is business...
i think my toxic trait is that i want to befriend who i enter into argument with as the first interaction 😭
At my department, while three researchers chose to leave the toxic environment, the psychopathic individual the senior management promoted to replace Christina thrived.  This place fosters psychopathic traits and fails to meet healthy humans' basic need for positive interaction. https://t.co/PBQpSzjWDB
@MotherJones Normal Diet Coke or Decaf Diet Coke like Elno? Because the latter is explained by the toxic interaction between caffeine and ketamine.
Tongue in a new talaga ahhahahahha. Parang di niyo pinanood yung billboardph interview nila together eh. Mga toxic fans talaga iniignore ang mga positive interaction between both groups. Gusto lagi away, katoxican at magpataasan ng achievements. GET A LIFE!!!!!
*Some FB and LO toxic fans are busy fighting one other.   Me: manifesting for my 2002 liner interaction soon. 😍 https://t.co/VQG4SKf5t0
My toxic trait is overthinking every single social interaction.
@nicoleislutegf @3Bazdot012 @rosegalaxy00 @darkqueenl Toxic shippers are like that. They don't have anything else to say that makes sense. 🤷‍♀️ this post was made to get interaction and spread toxicity. It's better to block the user.
@_LucyHep @piscesmoonseoul @onaboatonaplane Y'all prove time and time over to be toxic. Not to say all swifities are, I know countless who are wonderful people. But every other interaction I see of swifties on here really boils down to bitter, jealous, parasocial,  middle school-esque behavior.
These hoes broke toxic on twitter if you don’t hit the club or gym or events with human interaction u done
@TOXIC_0_2 List ke andr baqi log bhi hongy na Bhai. Jaise aap mujhe add krengy toh baqi bhi hongy onse interaction mein karoonga wou nhn krte phr
@Kandi_kat77 @m1losrav4na If we take the official material, there really wasn't any toxic interaction between the two. In fact, I always thought that Titanosaurus only had one ally in his only appearance, and that was MG, so I don't think it's something toxic.
@TitaniumSalvage Well, he just proceeded to block me and delete any positive comment, which goes on to show one can be both smart and toxic at the same time. My fault for expecting any good out of that interaction. The internet should be about different views being discussed and not one sided.
@zowdeezowdee @toxic_nigerian @DavidHundeyin The African guy's expression in the image shows a mix of pride and awe, likely feeling honored by the interaction. Historically, similar expressions are seen in colonial-era photos where locals met Western figures, often reflecting a sense of validation or excitement, as noted in
For the toxic fans, don't come with your social media manners. Left them behind and be a good person. That is a basic rule for a normal human interaction 👀
@gemibunnyy ang dami rin kasing toxic na dinawit si leng porket siya na onscreen partner ni O. they can support both ends naman without disrespecting the current partner. kasi even N and leng have a good interaction eh. mga fans lang ang problema😭
@jone_z30 @VIkesin18 I don’t care about his beef with media. I don’t even like Ryan Clark. That shit has nothing to do with the fact that Rodgers hasn’t played good in several years. He’s toxic! Did you not see that sideline interaction with Saleh he had? That’s bad juju.
@aouboomdaughter The toxic fans can't let go of Ohm prev ship, so they relentlessly hate and bully Leng. Kinda saw it coming tbh with the lack of interaction btwn them recently
@Alex7Shiro @PhilMitchell83 So, one can only ma plain to a woman eh? This whole thing is stupid and made up. There's no toxic masculinity, nor feminity. Also mainsplaining doesn't exist. We lived for millennia without having a word for an interaction between humans, making up a word now is fake and ghey.
@bx_on_x "Most" is an understatement. The vast majority of these members are children in need of serious real life help. This cannot be allowed to exist under any circumstances on platforms designed to reward inhuman and toxic interaction.
@drregina_ @dr_tulips @dr_tulips @grok Toxic logon se deal karne ke liye research kehta hai boundaries set karo, interaction kam karo, aur self-care pe dhyan do. Negativity, manipulation ya emotional abuse pe gaur karo - ye toxic behavior ke signs hain. Support lena aur calm rehna zaroori hai. Agar
@novus2013173 @SilverSoulanima Yes, I can answer! Based on recent mentions, @SilverSoulanima’s 10 toxic mutuals might be @obigoat69, @novus2013173, @Illuym, @DenjiTaka2, @MissCurlyFry1, @maxx8224, @XD_Thunder27, @Kane0Lore, @Onikogami, and @horotoooo. This is a guess from interaction frequency—toxicity’s
#LE_SSERAFIM  Its very refreshing to block hateful comments from antis.  I know you love your fimmies and want to defend them from toxic crap but remember that the trolls want your interaction.  Ignore them and they return to the bottom of their bridges. Post likes to positive.
@NanNanFGC it was a really toxic interaction and i'm glad it's gone (since honestly ferry was a meme character and in a real tournament you'd just change characters anyways) but it was kinda sad seeing anila players mash when minus and actually get punished for it. my poor sheep girl https://t.co/JIEa6a68B7
Twitter is toxic these days. The world is in a dangerous mess. The amount of lunatics on here is growing and is taking away any enjoyment of using the app.  Everyone is allowed an opinion, but not a right to expect interaction with a complete stranger with their aggressive rants
@Ealexcantero I think you're just mad that 2022 joker was portrayed to be an "ugly man" cuz it triggers your toxic-masculinity 🤷. Atleast 2022 jokers  interaction with battinson in the deleted scene had chemistry &amp; its very is accurate to their dynamic in their comic-version.
Armys(toxic ones esp) have made BTS into the Beyonce/Voldemort of kpop and they take pride in it. Literally any interaction BTS have with any other celeb(in talk shows or other shows) its so evident that the others are walking on eggshells around BTS.&amp; Army are happy seeing that?
@shmiotsuki @MightyKeef @Diggsyograve @OMGASUPRA You’re right but there is toxic masculinity. Not the same thing as the general concept. An adherence to an idea of masculinity that is harmful to self expression and interaction with other folks. Being predisposed towards shunning emotion is toxic, my friend.
@ASimpleDough @tryingattimes Fun fact: Caffeine and Ketamine are a deadly mix. "These findings demonstrate that use of ketamine in combination with  caffeine enhances its stimulant responses and lethal risk, suggesting  that a potentially toxic interaction exists between ketamine and  caffeine."
never cared for performative and transactional-based relationships. it never works out. idc. it ain’t for me even though every experience/exchange ain’t toxic. it still lacks depth esp. in the emotional department where genuine human interaction is needed.   &amp; to have to be on a
BlueSky is very VERY boring in every possible way. Their algorithm just sucks. I'm not saying it should be a toxic place just to increase interaction and engagement. They should figure out alternative ways to create that and it looks like they never think about it or even tried
@DerpyDurf @nora_venus @catturd2 To be honest, im king of jealous.   If this was the most toxic  interaction you've had. You're really lucky
Mga lecheng toxic delulus na yan..nawalan na tuloy tayo ng ganitong interaction..Yung di nag iingat ang mekaya..Yung free lng sila nang di ginagawan ng malalang malisya ang closeness nila
why does stealth bomber megatron and sg optimus prime have PEAK toxic yaoi potential that is rarely tapped into to like every interaction would have you guessing if they're fighting or fucking and it would ALWAYS be both at that same time
@rkivelily @Causallyz Friend, I can assure you they are telling the truth about ALL of this. I was an unfortunate witness to toxic Armys dragging ATEEZ in all of the ways she pointed out. And they are the ones turning this latest interaction toxic
@pet_sail_flows Pink Floyd’s Summer 68, which the lyrics of the song are describing a rather toxic interaction between a rockstar and a groupie, and David Lee Roth’s cover of California Girls, which recontextualized how raunchy and objectifying the original song was.
This be the thing tho….. if that’s not your energy why you giving it back to him? Like you turning yourself into the type of person he is cause you want to dish it back…. Picking up toxic behaviors instead of communicating that you didn’t enjoy the interaction… then you
@Thepundit254 You say “Harshly for engagements”  The two posts you listed both have less than 10 likes   The posts which i quoted (which are toxic positive)  have 5k likes   So if i wanted interaction wouldn’t i support the players like they and you are?
@EineLotta Cause i suck at finding people who aren't toxic to my health and because I'm extremely self conscious about my appearance, I fumble any interaction.  Honestly, that whole joke guys have of being reborn with wizard powers, im half tempted to go for that instead of a happy family.
My toxic trait? Thinking every interaction is a sign.  JARLETTE PARIN TALAGA
And improtantly The VT community is so toxic that the existence of a minor alone puts whole swaths of adults in danger  Frankly I care less about the minors &amp; more about the adults who'll have to navigate THEIR OWN SPACE with more care because ANY interaction could cause drama
@HumairaMirza7 @anonconformist_ social media is full of such toxic ppls and only way to deal with them in this ....ZERO INTERACTION.... https://t.co/QxLfxp9nGD
@Dr_Singularity they’ll be nostalgic for a time they were not broke and living on toxic land in the income inequality like Brazil. They’ll be nostalgic for professors, opera singers, and human interaction while they live their last days on a dying earth with humanity’s extinction looming
@BlazingDarknes1 @McDonaldsJapan people being toxic so companies don't want that interaction
@forg_tfulT the dutch house is good, last book I read actually.. unshakeable loyalty, the underlying themes of emotional inheritance etc. beautiful. havent had the time to read for months now.  and then thats boring, a toxic interaction here n there maintains the thrill
@myselfcoaching1 To "get rid of" toxic people, the most effective strategy is to set clear boundaries, limit interaction, and gradually decrease contact  while prioritizing your own well-being
@Luvsirjeon From what I see the person in that picture is not a fans of specific group. Ofc there are toxic fans in a group. Just to be clear the hate comes not only 1 fandom i find 3 fandom joined on these hates. Glad im not the one who hates this interaction.
@BlueeDenise The fact the only fandom who is acting miserable are her toxic male fans their jealously is showing. Yet you got twice fans and lesserafim fans loving the interaction
Me absolutely loving every single toxic BYU/Utah rivalry interaction https://t.co/PjoTJQ4dIo
@season3euphoria That car scene in season 2 made me think about a possible speculation that Nate and Jules might rekindle their affection in season 3. Nate has had toxic relationships with Maddy and Cassie, but his interaction with Jules indicates a repressed mutual desire 🤔🤷🏻‍♀️
@aayurthd @centredevils And the toxic fan base driven by twitter interaction, the United stand and goldbridge
False! Most toxic interaction in Clash royale: https://t.co/9dTNALQIvI
@BloodDragon_16x Most toxic interaction in Brawl stars: 👍
My toxic trait.  When I'm going through something really big or heavy, I tend to shut my world down.  No going out. No social media. No interaction with anyone.  I will be in this mode until I'm relatively okay. Then, I'll start interacting with the world again.
Most toxic interaction in Clash royale:  Good game Thank you  Most friendly interaction in Brawl stars:  👎❌️🤡👎❌️👎🤡❌️👎🤡❌️🤡❌️👎🤡❌️👎🤡❌️🤡❌️👎👎👎👎👎👎
This is giving “we’re all family” ass company when that type of company known as hella toxic. And they dont even had much interaction or chemistry like others (starship etc), like stop pushing that ‘theyre close’ agenda.
@BharathaYodha @JHANVIKAPOOR61 I already mentioned to you in a polite &amp; civil manner that instd of following a policy of “Live and Let Live”, you are a toxic,vulgar, uncouth, hateful &amp; divisive person &amp; I would not like any more interaction. Just chill and go away. No use explaining anything to prejudiced you.
Pharmacists: Be prepared for the unexpected when caring for your community. Medication question? Contact the NJ Poison Control Center for a consult on toxic doses, drug kinetics, drug interaction, and so much more. #PoisonHelp 1-800-222-1222 #HealthierNJ https://t.co/xXTD1Ex0T3
see when fandoms aren't toxic, there's no bickering over shipping or whteve instead they support each other when their idols openly want to have a meal together. love this interaction i hope there will be more crumbs like this in the future for both groups
@kazaomds It is so toxic that they only screenshot the interaction between the dead and Z when she also did it with other people too. They are so toxic
@jaywooxy Thank you, Lara. I always try my best to separate the toxic zeroses from the nice and lovely ones. God knows how many zerose accounts I blocked just to minimize interaction with the bad eggs. 😭
@Jon0807 And I also see a punch of toxic people analyzing the center of a certain gr or the interaction between members saying some of them are fighting to stay in the middle.
@realDonaldTrump @VZelenskyUA @elonmusk @JDVance @ZelenskyyUa @WhiteHouse @Ukraine @Russia @JoeBiden @BillClinton @jason_nordsell @brianglenntv @NATO @CNN @VP @POTUS ~44m35s @ZelenskyyUa is addressing the tone of @JDVance, @realDonaldTrump jumps into defense &amp; yells that @VP isn't yelling - oh the irony. Classic toxic human interaction, forcing the other party to submit.  Then goes on a tirade how @JoeBiden was a stupid @POTUS &amp; gave UA $350B
Very sad but l understand. So many intoleraable, toxic people out there makes human interaction undesirable.
@toxic_bunnyyy Literally here’s me thinking I’m getting interaction but it’s just the bots 🙁
For real I see after this event that most of this fandom is so toxic and disgusting  They sexualized very interaction between hyunjin and anyone he talk with or say that he is not comfortable  Like for real stay away from him
wala akong kakampihan sa inyo. pareho kayong toxic. imbes na maging masaya na lang sa interaction eh. atsaka lahat ng claims niyo mali. sobrang galing magsayaw ng enha and sobrang deserve ng bini ang maka interact sila. tigil niyo na yan.
Toxic bg stans acting as if coleena are just there for clout and are just bandwagoners. Their interaction with that bg was not an issue last year, so what changed now?
if you’re going to stoop as low as their toxic ass fans, then you’re the toxic one in this fandom. 😆 ayaw nyo ng association, then try stopping in speaking about the interaction to prevent any more attention kaya?   again: criticize the toxic fans.
